Lucy Hamlet whimsy no hipster guy and
we're gonna have a short burial service
for it I won't have been dead nut case
Oh dedicated for a week and that's why
I'm kind of scared to pick it up not
gonna lie this is awful this is just
getting anything come pay up some comes
to their word what huh why are you doing
I'm making a video it was not to later
that's awesome oh yeah for Lindsay Oh
hit something comes tonight one I think
I could dump it out into this box what
would you wanna do this no why did I
have you to do this we pick drama going
on yeah I gotta get a word from the
owner I'm gonna go and say a word no
sale word we're not at the funeral yet
okay I'll come back to you wait are you
going at Oh a minute hurry up oh just
turn it off an on signal it off this is
so gross oh it swelled like a dead
animal in here so good stuff in this
disgusting hmm this is so funny actually
I'm just doing it on gross gosh just
pick it up letting all this to all it's
right there
she picked up like we got like a whole
thing no like it fell out this is
awesome this is this is really truly
good video it's no like dead stop it is
dead it is you see the karkans just get
it put in the box and close up the stuff
give it some of the stuff well I'm gonna
get it into the grace yes I don't know
man you got to use your hand put some of
that in there damage oh you guys this is
so disgusting so disgusting this is
gross oh come on I can feel it inside
yeah it's dead loading dose you got a
lot of energy you trying to do this
think your own racial
would you like to do so get in there
it's written underneath this I'll eat
that pile okay I need a glove 12 ever
see the toilet paper Lindy need a new
blue she felt she's going out doing
downstairs oh she went out there sorry
Rachel ready I know my gosh oh my
goodness oh my goodness I'm not gonna
work fingers like inside out everything
Rachel yeah you don't need your fingers
pick it up as people that thing up
wearing on it I'll hold the box will you
do it let's be putting it in mark x 0
box Oh hold on this box money balls out
don't rock okay oh no so bad here about
so ratchet just get it oh my god Rachel
you are he made all we need okay we're
not taking the trailers and going I'm
going skating off ha yeah how do we got
it Rachel